---
page_title: "msgraph_resource Resource - terraform-provider-msgraph"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource can manage any Microsoft Graph API resource.
---

# msgraph_resource (Resource)

This resource can manage any Microsoft Graph API resource.

## Example Usage

 ```terraform
 terraform {
   required_providers {
     msgraph = {
       source = "Microsoft/msgraph"
     }
   }
 }
 
 provider "msgraph" {
 }
 
 resource "msgraph_resource" "application" {
   url = "applications"
   body = {
     displayName = "My Application"
   }
   response_export_values = {
     all    = "@"
     app_id = "appId"
   }
 }
 
 output "app_id" {
   value = msgraph_resource.application.output.app_id
 }
 
 output "all" {
   // it will output the whole response
   value = msgraph_resource.application.output.all
 }
 
 output "resource_url" {
   // it will output something like "applications/12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789abc"
   value = msgraph_resource.application.resource_url
 }
 ```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `url` (String) The URL which is used to manage the resource. It supports two types of URLs:  
  - Collection URL which is used to make a POST request to create a new resource, for example, "/users", it must support the following operations:
	- Create a new resource: POST "/users"
    - Read an existing resource: GET "/users/{id}"
    - Update an existing resource: PATCH "/users/{id}"
    - Delete an existing resource: DELETE "/users/{id} "
  - URL which has a "$ref" suffix, for example, "/groups/{group-id}/members/$ref", it must support the following operations:
	- Add a reference to a resource: POST "/groups/{group-id}/members/$ref"
	- Remove a reference to a resource: DELETE "/groups/{group-id}/members/{id}/$ref"
  
  More information about the Microsoft Graph API can be found at [Microsoft Graph API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/overview).  
  And there are some [examples](https://github.com/microsoft/terraform-provider-msgraph/tree/main/examples/quickstarts) to help you get started.

### Optional

- `api_version` (String) The API version of the data source. The allowed values are `v1.0` and `beta`. Defaults to `v1.0`.
- `body` (Dynamic) A dynamic attribute that contains the request body.
- `create_query_parameters` (Map of List of String) A mapping of query parameters to be sent with the create request.
- `delete_query_parameters` (Map of List of String) A mapping of query parameters to be sent with the delete request.
- `ignore_missing_property` (Boolean) Whether ignore not returned properties like credentials in `body` to suppress plan-diff. Defaults to `true`. It's recommend to enable this option when some sensitive properties are not returned in response body, instead of setting them in `lifecycle.ignore_changes` because it will make the sensitive fields unable to update.
- `read_query_parameters` (Map of List of String) A mapping of query parameters to be sent with the read request.
- `response_export_values` (Map of String) A map where the key is the name for the result and the value is a JMESPath query string to filter the response. Here's an example. If it sets to `{"all" = "@", "app_id" = "appId"}`, it will set the following HCL object to the computed property output.

	```text
	{
		"all" = {
			"appId" = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
			"displayName" = "example"
			"id" = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
			...
		}
		"app_id" = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
	}
	```

To learn more about JMESPath, visit [JMESPath](https://jmespath.org/).
- `retry` (Attributes) The retry object supports the following attributes: (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--retry))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `update_method` (String) The HTTP method to use for updating the resource. Allowed values are `PATCH` (default) and `PUT`.
- `update_query_parameters` (Map of List of String) A mapping of query parameters to be sent with the update request.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the resource. Normally, it is in the format of UUID.
- `output` (Dynamic) The output HCL object containing the properties specified in `response_export_values`. Here are some examples to use the values.

	```terraform
	 output "app_id" {
	   // it will output the value of app_id
	   value = msgraph_resource.application.output.app_id
	 }
	 
	 output "all" {
	   // it will output the whole response
	   value = msgraph_resource.application.output.all
	 }
	```
- `resource_url` (String) The full URL path to this resource instance.

<a id="nestedatt--retry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `retry`

Required:

- `error_message_regex` (List of String) A list of regular expressions to match against error messages. If any of the regular expressions match, the request will be retried.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

 ```shell
 # MSGraph resource can be imported using the resource id, e.g.
 terraform import msgraph_resource.servicePrincipal /servicePrincipals/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000
 terraform import msgraph_resource.member /groups/group-id/members/$ref/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000
 ```
